Sir and madam are not well
What did the old lady run away again?
Madam, you can't go. Madam, you can't go
You can't go oops oops what are you doing
Let go of me!
How come?
Madam, he's running away from home again
You stop talking nonsense
This is not my home
I'm going to find my daughter.
Oh, Mom.
Since the old lady had a car accident a year ago
Had surgery
Can't remember anything
Even if Jacqui is cured
Still clamoring to leave every day
I don't know ma'am
When will I meet the old lady?
Mom will remember
I'm your daughter, Jay
Don't lie to me.
My daughter Xiaojie
So tall and better looking than you
I'm going home to find my daughter
She's still at home waiting for me
busy
Ouch, why do you always stop me?
I told you I'm going back to find my daughter
OK
It's cold and we can't fight at night
Why are you crying?
Your mother is gone
Whoops whoops whoops
Don't cry, don't cry
That would be like
I'll help you find your mother.
Please help me find my daughter
It's snowing!
Really, that snow is rare
My daughter is cute, it's snowing.